# CurrentEmergingTrendsCS370SNHU
Course project for Current Emerging Trends Course at SNHU.  Concept behind the project was to design an intellegent agent for use as an NPC to represent the 'pirate' in a treasure hunting game.  The pirate needed to navigate the map while avoiding obsticals in order to find the treasure on the map before the human player would.  Much of the code for the game itself was provided for the project and the code I worked on for it was developing the deep Q-learning to train the pirate agent AI.

As a computer scientist it is my job to design and develop software that solves a mulitple of problems, either self designated or as part of an organization.  These software solutions may be solely software in nature such as with this course or may be used to drive physical devices as was the case in my recent embedded design class and prior introduction to robotics course.  As a computer scientist, I feel it is important to fully undestands the nature and needs of the problem that is being tackled before beginning to code which often involves additional research and discussion to firm up parameters that may not be solidly defined.  Somewhere between this and the next step what suitable code base should be used needs to be determined, hopefully from one of the many I have experience with.  Any coding rules and standardizations that have been agreed upon by the organization I may be working with also need to be respected and considered.  The next step I usually take is designing for what the software will need to do, culminating in being able to stub out parameter and functions in the code.  Initial stubbing out of the code is usually where I begin in code documention as well, both in line and as summary.  Only at this point do I actually begin coding, turning stubbed out code into actual functioning code, preferrably in bite size portions and creating unit tests such that I can test my code in small but functional parts to more easily determine and fix early errors.  My personal preferrence is strongly to develop in a seperate branch that can be tested in prior to checking my work into main, prior to which if possible I like to get my work peer reviewed (although that wasn't as feasable for a course project).

Ethically I have a responsibility to create the most efficient and secure code that I can that meets the needs of the organization I work for and any client they might be working for.  At the same time I have ethically responsibilities as an individual to avoid creating bias or malicious code that could potentially be harmful to end users or others.  With AI development this often comes up in the form of creating an algorithm or selecting training data that creates biased or detrimental behavior by the AI.  The premise for the AI (or any software really) needs to also be considered in creating ethical code.  The code itself once again needs to be secure to protect the end user and the data it accesses and stores needs to be appropriate and ethical for its task (and obey the legal rules with regards to personal data).  
